Template: ipfs-kubo/repository-directory
Type: string
Default: /util/ipfs
Description: IPFS repository directory:
 This directory will contain the IPFS repository. It will contain all the data
 cached, stored or downloaded from IPFS network in its block-based raw
 representation. The default value is /var/ipfs. Please note that this
 directory should be placed on the volume having enough space to store all your
 repository data.

Template: ipfs-kubo/repository-size-note
Type: note
Description: Initial size of the IPFS repository - 10GiB
 The repository size is one of the most important parameters you should define
 for your IPFS node, because the amount of data you will be able to share using
 your node depends from it entirely. The installation script does not set this
 parameter for you explicitly, so please edit directly your configuration file
 to set it up! The default value of 10 GiB is defined in Kubo's source code,
 and it is a subject to change in the future, so please take care of it and
 edit your configuration file thoroughly!

Template: ipfs-kubo/predefined-config
Type: string
Default: /etc/default/ipfs
Description: IPFS daemon configuration backup file:
 If you have a predefined configuration file for your daemon, please list it
 here. In the case this file exists, the daemon will copy it to the repository.
 .
 NOTE: the file will be COPIED, not linked or moved! Your specified config
 will be used as a TEMPLATE to generate a NEW configuration! You should then
 use the configuration file located INSIDE THE REPOSITORY to configure your
 IPFS node.
 .
 NOTE: when Kubo will be removed, this file will be replaced with a backup of
 your current configuration file.

Template: ipfs-kubo/system-wide
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Install IPFS Kubo system-wide?
 If you don't want to install Kubo system-wide, please select NO or FALSE here
 and indicate the username for which you want to make IPFS commands available.
 Otherwise, the system user with the name 'ipfs' will be created, and all the
 commands will be available for the users who are added in 'ipfs' group.
 .
 NOTE: If the non-system username does not exist, the user account will be
 created without a password! You should then select a proper password for this
 new user and adjust the security rules for him properly.

Template: ipfs-kubo/user-name
Type: select
Default: ${sysuser}
Choices: ${sysuser}
Description: IPFS service user name.
 This is the name of the user who will own the IPFS repository. For him all the
 operations will be allowed just from CLI because the systemd daemon will use
 this username to run the IPFS daemon in order.

Template: ipfs-kubo/network-profile-note
Type: note
Description: IPFS networking profile
 CAUTION!!! Thorough selection of the proper networking profile for your IPFS
 daemon is IMPORTANT!!! Please read this text carefully!
 .
 - server - the profile dedicated to the systems that have publicly available
 external IP address, assuming the loal peer discovery should be closed.
 .
 - test - this profile reduces the external interactions made my IPFS node as
 much as it is possible, feasible for testing environments.
 .
 - lowpower - the special profile dedicated to the machines that have very low
 amount of resources. It reduces the IPFS impact on the system as much as it 
 is possible. Consider also usage of the system service limits to reduce that
 impact.
 .
 - default-networking [default] - local daemon profile, feasible for the most
 desktop systems, including local peer discovery, pretty similar to BitTorrent.

Template: ipfs-kubo/network-profile
Type: select
Choices: server, test, lowpower, default-networking
Default: default-networking
Description: IPFS network daemon profile
 These are the possible names of the networking profile that should be applied
 during the initial setup of IPFS daemon. Please select carefully according to
 the description shown on the previous screen!

Template: ipfs-kubo/memory-quota
Type: select
Choices: 512MiB, 1GiB, 2GiB, 4GiB, 6GiB, 8GiB, 12GiB, unlimited
Default: unlimited
Description: IPFS network daemon memory accounting profile
 Select the amount of memory your IPFS daemon will be limited to. CAUTION!!!
 This number should comply with the real amount of memory installed in the
 system, otherwise it will have no effect!

Template: ipfs-kubo/cpu-quota
Type: select
Choices: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, unlimited
Default: unlimited
Description: IPFS network daemon CPU cores accounting profile
 Select the quantity of the CPU cores your IPFS daemon will be limited to.
 CAUTION!!! This number should comply with the real CPU cores installed in
 the system, otherwise it will have no effect!

Template: ipfs-kubo/hardened
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Install IPFS Kubo in Hardened mode?
 If this option is turned on, IPFS Kubo systemd service will be installed in
 Hardened Security mode. This would affect the access rules and user experience
 for files and directories. It is not recommended to use this mode unless you
 do not know what are you doing and why do you need such a high security level.
 .
 NOTE! This also overrides an attempt to install Kubo in the userspace!

Template: ipfs-kubo/repository-purge
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Do you want to remove also the repository directory?
 CAUTION! It will remove all the data you had stored in your IPFS repository
 before without a possibility to recover them or to restore your repository
 in the binary identical way!
 .
 NOTE: This parameter will be ignored unless Kubo is installed system-wide

Template: ipfs-kubo/config-purge
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Do you want to remove also the previous configuration backup?
 CAUTION! It will remove all the setup you had made before, so to install IPFS
 Kubo again you will be in need to write the new configuration file from
 scratch.
 .
 NOTE: This parameter will be ignored unless Kubo is installed system-wide

